# About Wuxi Jiangnan Middle School
Wuxi Jiangnan Middle School is situated at the foot of Huiquan hill on a famous ancient canal, and currently has 3 campuses (Xincheng, Tongyang and Yangguang) with over 3000 students and nearly 300 staff.

The school was established in 1930, with the famous calligraphy artist Qian Yinzhi as the first principal. It was initially called Jiangnan Private Middle School, with Tang Wenzhi and Qian Jibo as school directors. The school was later renamed Wuxi Number One Junior High School, then Wuxi Number Seven Middle School, before getting its current name in 1992. Over the past eighty years, the school has promoted a tradition of academic excellence, laying solid foundations for student lifelong development, and has strived to provide quality education tailored to this development. In this way, every student can experience the joys of growth and success. The school provides excellent education, with teaching quality always being among the best in Wuxi. In 2008, the school was one of the first to receive awards including ‘Jiangsu Province most influential Junior High School’, ‘National language and literature model school’ and ‘Jiangsu Province basic education curriculum reforms pioneer school’.

The school’s teaching team, which includes many renowned academics, upholds high moral standards and provides excellent teaching, while our teaching department successfully develops many young teachers. Our teachers have conducted provincial and municipal level courses and teaching research projects, and have achieved outstanding results. The school provides many cultural activities and has a wide range of student societies. The symphonic orchestras, national orchestras, art society, and sports teams are all popular, and have become among the most influential student societies in Wuxi. While the school cultivates students’ general abilities, it also values critical thinking, creativity, empathy, and practical skills, endeavouring to lay a solid foundation for outstanding creative talents.

The school has established partnerships in several countries, including Singapore, South Korea, Denmark, Canada etc., with student and teacher exchanges providing long-term benefits.

Jiangnan Middle School is the only municipally-led Junior High School in Wuxi.
